i might break down and eat some buffalo wings tomorrow
sittin here w/kayla, i really really really dis-like having a brother. he doesn't know when to stop. i'm waiting for the day when one of
fed bokkie too many birthday treats-sicko
's kinda bummed. an agency just told me that i didn't have the 'look' that they were going for. ladies, please help me create the 'look'
work laptop is officially dead .. not happy at all..
my goodness, it's freezing down here !!!!!
why do you put up with him!!!!! you should listen to your mom
is stucked in paris and can't even travel into france (for work)
, i don't think there's one close by. last time i checked, the closest one was 70 miles away!
aand back to my literature review at least i have a friendly cup of coffee to keep me company.
i am worried that i won't get my $900 even though i paid a buttload of tax last year !
okay, so.. still no school!!!!
is phoneless ...now off too sleep
reeked of alcohol at the dentist this morning + was drunk when i put on my tshirt, realised it had a huge stain. dentist looked disgusted
it is really cold
cant sleep she wants to dream!!
can't sleep i hate these nights when i try to go to bed early and stay awake for hours. poo!
yeah. too bad people like a certain burrito-eating man exist.
that's sad.
just found out that my mum and my adopted auntie are on twitter.. check them out my mum is tessm64 and my awesome as auntie is tania38
cannot sleep....wide awake!!...and i gotta go to work later too. boy, am i going to have a crappy day.
struggling with eam law
why can't i sleep like her
bouts to start 24. poor linny couldn't keep her eyes open. she tired and has to work tomorrow morning. night .
my 4 year old (18 year old) is driving me around the twist...i don't want to be like this
well, that sucked.
i have to be out of my place in 3 days...any help i can get packing/painting/cleaning is much appreciated. oh. and rip my wall
opening a partially frozen beer= beer on the toaster, under the oven and all over the counter. the kitchen smells like we run a speakeasy
no i dont even know how to ride it
sadly, yes. i think i need counciling now
making myself ready for school...don't feel like going, but have two tests
smugness gone. my train also failed to turn up so i'm heading for victoria followed by an unpleasant tube ride to the city.
anybody know where my ipod went?
aww this earthquake in italy has made me sad just saw the pics on the news, it's terrible.
never been able to afford to get them out. i'd much rather go through the extraction than continue with what i deal with now.
why do other pet care people try to run others out of business? or send suspicious e-mails fishing for info?
<33 codez....they've been mia tho
doesnt work on my cell go to sleep! =p
it's going to be nice again tomorrow and then the rain comes back. no nice weather for my birthday
rock band is hard..on expert!!!
: roomie was home all day. all he had to do was scratch at the door. comforter has to goto large laundromat machines.
one of the hardest thing with this schedule, no one i can chat with at the end of my day usually
they killed off a character on one of my favorite shows and now i'm upset
jealous of my friends who got to see the new star trek film in austin tonight.
listening to q! i got a really bad headache and a drivin lesson in ten mins.... lucky me i just wana sleep!
shut up you...i am hungry! and in britain, home of the most boring suckassy breakfast in the world! i miss dennys!!
good morning everybody! pkoi y fais pas beau bon coffee time!
work again
essay time....
hey did u talk to mom.. r they home yet? i hope they r ok.. wish i was coming home 4 easter..
i sure wish i could go with you guys tmrw. but as per usual, school interferes.
say what??? kal penn's leaving house?! noo!!! aww... i totally missed it tonight
no! i lost a loyal
played another hand very bad and lost half my stack
it's 6.20pm - early days in a loong night at work
it's sad it's the last season. i wanna see when spencer calls lauren!
so im done editing "the phipstape". back 2 crack a brew and see what we got............. no trees though
i don't know what half of that means
homework homework homework
worked his heart out today, doubling my weight at each station. result: stiff and pulled muscles... ouch!
now i feel bad for unfollowing.
so... tired... god i hate the new job, and only two days in
sad about kutner being killed off my fav show house!
happy for coach stringer (hof c/o 2009!)...now if i can only finish my term paper on her
i feel like shit. this is not the way i want to spend my birthday's eve
so far i have 311 on all my sites put together, most of them were me checking out the updates i made......
has a lot on her mind. i needs to make some moneys. and ideas. nowhere is hiring!
miss you
i'm so sorry to hear about your dog
too much internet. how it plagues me
i miss my ex soo much
sodding m25
oh i thought the pirate bay trial verdict was today :-s apparently it's in 10 days
call me back.
is in study hall now, and i will log off immediately.
it so tired that im crying for no reason at all. im about to try to get an hour and a half in for tonight. half what i got last night.
i totally have like... four girl options, and none of them seem viable
so far i have 311 veiws on all my sites put together, most of them were me checking out the updates i made......
listening to bjork's all is full of love... crying
omg the hills! then i love money2, aww i think becky buckwild goes
is craving for some tantan nabe
c'mon sean man
watching "a league of their own"...makes me miss mint chocolate ice cream cones and my grand ma fuck.
lost my phone some where.maybe in the grass, its just so long, hope it doesn't rain
hope you aren't referring to me say hello to your new stalker lol
why were u sleeping?! ur gonna be up all night now how was ur bike ride?
but, but, but . . i wanna listen to the masters too!
i've been looking about for good stuff to write, but also been doing loads of uni work
i feel unloved. dropped 2 tweeters
off to london for the day on thursday, it's gonna be raining, oh fab won't see much on the london eye! still robbie won't care bless him
completely wiped and reloaded the 8900.... lost all bbm contacts going to bed sad.
sayy whaa? i wasn't invited...
didn't sleep too bad considering i have a workshop starting today. beginnings of a sore throat though
oh my gosh that made me emotional haha idk why!!! i dont want to get old
we're going to post some stories manually due to twitterfeed problem. that's why we've been so quiet lately ....
i don't like lukewarm showers
- who should i contact if i need a 1099 for freelance work i did on linux.com throughout 2008? never got one.
connor, it's me, febi are you really really mad at me??
need some help?! want to buy a macbook pro, but still inlove with my old powerbook!
man america is so .. borez anyway lol i just realized you sent me msgs on here. i had no idea. i have no flash
g'knight lovely ladies. i'm sleepy now
does anybody know how to get your electrolytes back in order? with a vitamin work? i feel sick.
yes, someone hasn't been reading my posts properly
almost through with my italian homework! wee.... now if i only understood what i was doing.
who turned the lights on? it will be time to get ip then
twitter hates us both then.
i hate the fact that i'm genuinely excited about my last tweet
i can't sleep either
between that and the italy earthquake, it's been a very sad news day.
all rain today . garden really needs it so not quite so bad.
yawn yawn yawn!! 10 more minutes in bed
ouch - sounds very sucky
great idea with the itunes promo codes - they don't work in the uk itunes store though
*cry*
an empty rum barrel is a sad rum barrel. *shakes head* the horror, the horror.
it was a sleepless night
she admitted to being a fake
i love chutney......
got highly bored today scanning 24 pages for daddy. had to do it!
you cooked risotto without me!!???
keerrii!!!! i really have nothing better to do then post on this thing at 224am.....wonderfull. says alot.
yay for baseball season! boo to yankees losing their first game
lost sucks ... because i have to work today
omg exams killed me how could i not know the difference between haif a circle and a hemisphere </3 >
in bed... i suddenly feel i wish ma was here w/me... goodnight twitterfam
i don't like goodnights
greaat my lappy won't turn on wtff
you stuck in traffic then? my journey was traffic free this morning, if it's any help.
lookin like an all-nighter. i hate it when i do this to myself
you're a stranger
debbugging old vb6 code, the day could have started better . . .
only a quarter of a percent babe darn
coming down with a cold or bad allergies. either way, i'm miserable!
can't believe cutner is dead on house! sad day. in santa rosa, ca
damnit i was really digging this season of reaper
gah, comcast doubled our cable/internet bill w/out telling us, so we are quitting. can anyone suggest an affordable company in bay area?
another early morn with the duchess, although she hadn't managed to cross her legs this time
you left without saying hi!
l want, but i can't sleep
when an xbox shows those three red lights, it means it's dead and needs to be fixed for a month at microsoft hq.
a king sized bed is nice but sad and lonely with no hubby, puppy, or kitty i am over this whole conferenceing thing.
im boredd. gah i wish i could just sleep and get it over with but ive had too muchh cooffee bahaha
if i may butt in again. i'm done being nosey. sorry your conversation was just so interesting!
you fell off my list...did i offend you?
18 weeks till sisters home.. i missed her call, again! its the worst feeling in the world.
gonna try to get some sleep in this hotel room
brilliant idea. just bring as much as you think you'll spend & i'll swap you. bring a brolly
get me an autograph and shout out! you have to record it though. my computer is dead so i can't listen.
rt khloe just got fired from the apprentice
in biology class. my lip hurts
sorry for the next tweet...
grr not down to go to school today
i had to get an hd tivo and just got it set up tonight in order to get channels 40 - 59.
i asked everyone how they were doing yesterday and not a single tweet back
ruddy money!! i like it!! still waiting here.... oh what a surprise... by state too?? hmm....... seriously!!
i am so sad kutner was my favorite of the new team!!
wow i didn't get an "hello" u suck
bedtime, school tomorrow, and i still have no books being broke suckss
seating here helping my baby with his papers...well he is forcing me too seat with him im sleepy
synching my contacts from my old mobile to iphone. import does not work well
i can't concentrate
i've just spent 1 hour to enter all the bureaucratic nonsense for march. what a waste of my time
nw more confused then ever!
not feeling well again. stupid migraine making my tummy upset. and my whole body aches, shoot me now.
reading buyology before bedtime... great premise but only turning out to be an "ok" book - lots of info i already knew
home! i really wana sleep, but due to wasting my free line in town i have an assignment to finish
i also send some updates in plurk but i upload photos on twitter! you didnt see any of my updates on plurk? zero?
omg... "the reader" is making me
d'oh! at least you're getting a decent exchange rate at the moment, sterling is still getting flogged
tried to download tweetdeck but it wont download
there's an inch of snow on the ground (and counting). i'm worried about the poor flowers
why aren't you a happy camper?
thanks man. i'm so very grateful. i feel unworthy of such attention, though, because i'm in this because of myself...
i miss u too. i'm totally comin back tho! lastnight was soo much fun!
ohh. i love it. ps i'm sad we didn't get to hang out
and somehow i still end up in this place
oh that is very sad, poor boy.
um, that would be a hell no to the fugly poker dog pants on the cruise! hi jonathan, sorry i missed you
i'm doing my homework. it's gosh darn hard!!
definitely no vacation for me...
'study group extraordinare' about to leave campus...some of torts outline finished-good thing-but sleepy as h*@...will be back@ 7am
why can't airfare go down? or, why do i have to live in texas!! i don't know if i'll be able to make it to iowa.
i found it pretty frustrating. stupid monkeys
but im not feeling well, mommy...
nope, i'm right along wit' you!
so a murder? gotcha. cant believe it
i'm sitting at my house and i'm soo not looking forward to my one class tomorrow.
ordered some maternity clothes online, which came today. i got something strange i didn't order, not in my size. and stuff is missing.
i wish i could! gotta work though
what happened to you on saturday? you didnt show up...
can't fall asleep
i have mouth ulcer so painful to talk and eat!
urgh, it was just the video, and they cut the robots part!!!
my dog can't move anymore. praying that he will be okay
you were pretty much my fave...not much reason to watch now
but tht's annoying &definitely not bitchy enough he def broke like everything in me. he prolly doesn't even kno oct. 5!
hahaha dont be like that one time in ny when you got 30 mins of sleep then got sick love you!!
i can't! i have so much to learn about wwi by tomorrow at noon!
new post!
i am sad about innocent selling out too!
dang won't be able to get to any workshops run by web directions
goodness me, how did you find me?? it's good to hear from you ben! i still have your video game and book...i apologize
jap girls ? they're leaving!
my poor little girl has a baad rash on her bum and isnt feeling good
yes! we had the vhs. i cried when the old man died
argh, got up early for girls aloud on freshly squeezed and it was just the video
travian total cost of the atk for the aggressor: 273,310 resources all said and done. i'm guessing he's not going to let that slide.
waiting for kelly's call.
mhm, not having a good day blah blah blah
i got the i can has chezburger book from the lobo, and you are not here to look at it wif me
i'm trying to work on my last assignment of the year, but i just can't get that spark. all i want to do is lay in the grass and read.
ugh of course not just thursday and friday..sat i have both kids
oh my gosh. i'm still ~emotionally~ dying at the fact that kutner's gone! argg. kal ily.
i think i found my face...unfortunately. you didn't find yours yet?
seeing that shouldnt have made my stomach flip like it did
headache... pleease go away
yeah i do. i have an application that runs every few minutes to do that but its the add-ons. they conflict all the time
pretty good coaching with exceptional talent trounces exceptional coaching and pretty good talent. msu
i hate tuesdays
it's her "hair" i can't deal with
feel like i'm stuck in a rut. waiting to hear back from schools is killing me. also decided to take a break from wow for awhile.
i need new glasses...mines is hangnon 1 arm
meat week day 3: tummy hurts every night
why isn't there a "fake" verruca on twitter?... now i'm sad.
on the phone with the bestie than shower.. confused i don't know what to do
aww poor froofroo, this is way too late for you
i miss my 808 fam
she sed puerto rican
your not thinking of selling are you?
yeah. i always slow down at the end also, take that! i win.
i wanna go, but i am only 20!!!!
how i mss the snippet hun?..wts it of may i ask?..i wanna hear
i know! big love, true blood and united states of tara have too long of waits between seasons!
i wanna go to lamb of god
is sad she has lost her hn arm band...it just disappeared
set my alarm to wake up... wanted to speak to my sis in africa on skype - i miss her soo much
awh damn! my puppy has ticks
|h|ouse made me sad. oh, kutner
why not?
why do i keep looking...i know that what i read is gonna hurt but i still look! i guess it's just a girl thing & i need to get over him.
needs hugs/snuggles...
saw the one with a gsd covered in them, and i could not stop crying. i just bawled and bawled
rachel and jessy r making me work out thanks you guy
i'm wishing i had more time
the only bit that got me really was when he said babs was a bad mum i'm sure that hurts her even though she's laughing.
i am not wanting to go to school tomorrow.
used the term "fail whale" to a client on a pitch last night. from their incomprehension corp twitter is being done much lower in the org
you hate billy now?!
on a 2-day work-week..fast-forward to thursday please
omg i love that show. i would be so mad. i feel ur pain im sorry they spoiled it for u
is it possible to die from coughing? it sucks being ill
cant believe i have to go all the way to barnes for work today....instead of a 5minute walk to st johns wood
hahahahahah i can easily make ice milo but its just not the same
why do both of my best friends have to be shitty simultaneously? can u at least take turns hurting my feelings? jerks.. going 2 sleep.
i know! that's the one bad thing about twitter. u meet all these people u can't kick it with...
weekend is about over
gotta love the ragers
else feed their faces
yaay getting a tan. . . . finally ! i've been working so much that i can't take advantage of the sun
but it involves installing a dev kernel and running something after each reboot. really pitty
i'm sorry u've been nauseous... but it def kept me entertained last night reading you and 's tweets!


