no one asked me to. . if it were soonish i'd visit.
probably going to have to shop for a new desktop computer this weekend.
trust be to get caught in the rain too
this weather is crazy...it makes me depress
i miss my sis serge so badly
omg i just watched the season finale of greys anatomy. omg. omg.
yayyyy my best friend hates me
just homeee. i wanna jump in the shower but i'm not sure i have time fml. cook out thing today at buddha's. i get to see jeremy lt
ike band finally does an alumni band on homecoming and i can't go because i have albion homecoming that weekend
r if i hadn't seen the iphoneg v gs smackdown i wouldn't have known the difference i'll just have to wait for the g...
cloudy day
won sod all at ascot bt managed to 'change' my phone number and no broadband for days good times
throwing up all night and not sleeping at all means i will be so cranky for jakes wedding today
going to wake the baby...who is actually not really a baby anymore
dunno what to do today
lol i work up at freaking out thought i had to be at the bank today. realized i didnt felt stupid got back in bed. lol
funeral today. and i'm so tired..
k so i have no where to go. so i have to sit thro this hr long meeting...
no one said the third day would be ther worst i thought i would be all better by now
took nearly hours get home from race.... gona miss church meeting now and still got hours on the bike to do
owners leaving outta state tomorrow. without me. i am going to miss them i need a hug
that reminds me that i need to search for a graduate school
so here comes the rain again. yay.
on my way home getting ready for an extremely long day. keep your fingers cross the phone doesn't die on me.
no i dnt have one either
its going down tonite i need someone to roll with me
can barely walk after football training today ... i need to get so much fitter and learn how to play on grass again
thanks for the ff. beautiful today amp i'm not feeling well. go fiqure the offer of help still stands just let me know.
you're not snedwan in 'realife' are you if so my love for you has died
sunny day in ireland again ...lovely . i'm working tonight .
txt dave earlier and he said we currently have lol footy is at .pm i think and top gear at pm
ahh i know what you mean about being forced to eat i've got family dinners every night sounds like you're doing good tho
yuuumi i had the worst breakfast ever
good morning loves gotta take timmy to the vet to get fluids poor kitty
ran miles this morning and got lost again... might have lost my year old ipod in the rain too.
omg i is getting a headache i know cereal aspirin and water...will it work dondondonnnnnnnn usuefhosfor i wanna' be with him gtquot
but u didn't know it was me tho i was crazy that day but the twins looked so sad. what chat room did u guys meet in
last dance recital tonight disney tomorrow.
waiting for this dang rain to stop so i can enjoy my baby
mission walk to the bottle shop and it's closed
hey mr sorry couldnt make last night what are your plan be for tonaaaight i'm working 'til ... but thereafter i'm yours
dude i hate thunderstorms especially when they wake me up
not everyone i didn't go n today we r all going to candidas bc welo n wela r here n ur the only one missin
okay so i'm new to this whole twitter thing.....and i'm usually great at playing with twits and twitters but i dnt knw how to mke friends
omg peach snapps...man i fell ill not good
omg the special olympics is today at harvard i wish i was volunteering
thanks don't want to don't want to go home
tire replacement in very near future nail is lodged in sidewall today is very expensive car day also getting inspected amp oil change
ergh. i think i might actually be running a fever
i love my darling. but he don't know that i love him because he has a girlfriend and he won't like me like a friend anymore...
call of nature
canada phil texted... oh boy...he just sent a sad face...
its raining
im so over it bitch so over it
gonna have a little nap exhausted from partying after show last night. looking forward to tonight tho just sad it is closing night
doh i certainly didn't mean to shame you into doing anything. that said you did the right thing. haha.
is watching the clouds roll back into bethpage
boring days at target make me more depressed
can't believe how quickly today has disappeared
sadly there are those who feel that the rachel roo story may be a hoax. looking into it to see what i can find... so far not much...
adium has stopped working with ym again... i thought this one was fixed.
thats okay tweetdeck usually does that to me also
i'm so over all this rain. bad weather cancelled my session with two french bulldogs...
random fact of the day only one onehundred identity theives are caught
i wish you were closer you can try the class out to see if you like it before signing up it's so fun
the . jb for windows is now at . it's worth repeating and me in the middle of nowhere
does not want to go to work
shower.work.gym.tanning. excititing huh
thats what im saying i went for the auditions before n never got in bt they doing sum theatre thing for it this time but...
am and i have no idea what to have for breakfast
back to work
you hate it well that sucks amp no it's not the same dude. different dude.
listening to konas new album makes me miss monday soooooo much
still another weeks til i get my ps
more reject letters of voluntary vet nurse positions....when is someone going to give me a break ...life hates me
asks for elp.. don naman kayo ng blood.. any blood typ..
last full day of vacay. will be reluctantly headed back to reality tomorrow.
need to get out of house and mail father's day card bad daughter. and get some baby aspirin for mocha who seems to have hurt her back
is wishing the rain would stop
is leaving new mexico
bought glastonbury supplies litres of wine jacques cider and a twelve pack. gf mad at potential lack of food
someone apparently liked my turquoise huffy more than me
i want to program but i can't seem to find the time today...
i know whats worse is that it shows my age
lucky bastard. i can't study for shit man
i gotta vent u ever have somebody mess your food order up so bad u go homeampcook what you ordered yourself so its right i was pissed
mustread compare last years to last months spending
yeah my mom is allergic to most fruits. she always gets a swollen tummy too
only one week left with the chimpies
my cat ran away. actually my husband throw her out.
you know there are starving artists in ohio who have no breakfast burritos.
we were doing great at the yard sale then it started raining.
little crap raining on my weekend parade... worst of all.. no px today or yesterday.. stupid coldflu
i just got daddy perfume woo. oh man will you just please add her back so i can seeee
i miss my megan already and i may or may not have already cried.
i had no clue mine even could today is a sad sad day lol
wonders where he is rytnow
is there wifi in the building can't get my husband's 's rogers rocket stick to work on my mac.
home from a meeting and can't fall back to sleep
sup guys time to sleep but i'm not sleep...
at church that has no ac just electric fans s .. then off to buffet square and then work til
gs i am envious. i am still punching it out on st gen
kasey ryan and the twins just left back for florida
ah then good luck don't know enough about those areas to tell you which is better
they didnt invite me to own a club either
our ac is dead and i can't get anyone out here until tuesday fb
finally worked out that a skype plugin was causing ie on win to run very slowly
i'm tired but i cant get back to sleep oh well going to do a whole lot of nothing today
mine doesn't either.... unfortunately i have no choice with this site
and they are all just different enough to justify giving them a try
stupid slow internet this day cant watch any videos on youtube
it doesn't look like summer solstice outside
yuck i don't wanna come back to that
nowadays i have big trust issues with people. there are very few people i can actualy trust i've only been hurt in the past
my feet hurt i think i need to buy some new ones lol
god the things i would do to jeremy .... ahhhhh this didn't go thru last night
oh thats not goodn
wow i was under a rock yesterday lmaooo jk i was filming for my show which doesn't give me time to tweet lolll
...holla it's international surfing day go out and get your surf on i'll be stuck at work
i'm in computer fail thank god for the bb. i'd die if i missed ott
dying inside....but smile outside..fakin like shit
wow im stuck at home atm. is anything happening tonight and shiit father's day.
awwwww i only read that on the train on the way home mega sorry.
anyone have any advice on how to cope with a break up
my tummy hurts
who am i in ur life i think we can't make it anymore. just stop trying...
shut up
it's saturday evening here. i don't wanna wake up in the middle of the night to post. turn updates off for me til you get up
in romford feet still sore from last night
viva the people in iran viva my people thinking about you
i wanna seeeeee
so much for replacing my tomtom iphone
yeah yesterday or the day before yesterday... it wasnt on theaters in my country
i need new earphones
morning i guess. i had a realllyyyy bad dream. ughh. amp i miss come back now thanks.
moon is being cranky today.
what were u doing for the weekend yes rain no bueno
is this really sunny cali no sun ugh
me too but we will be in two different places
wanted to try mozilla prism... not for mac actually using my windows virtual machine is becoming a priority. may need more ram. double
ah my chest is on fire feeling sorry for myself
o yay im home i wish one of sian mem or alana would come on msn
well atleast ur gonna b in the inside n then get rite in the car.. i gota b out in the rain like a homeless person
sitting in front of the computer in my towel. waiting for my clothes to dry i dont like this all that much.
just wondering how long it will take my hair to grow back
fuckin' damn shit.
wow nothing like puking while cleaning the house from a party.
i get my hair done today and i'm so happy about it also tomorrow is the last day i'm watching the puppies.
need to excercisewill help w illness. need to practice poi tonight its been a few days bad bad fire spinner
feeling a lot better than i did yesterday but still feel like crap.
urgh sport can be so stressful when you actually care who wins
i'm so tired.
please don't rain... this is my only day to move
oh well...
the deep joys of parenthood don't want to be a nag but feel that he shouldn't have seen it
now to tackle the kiddo's room. theres a mountain of toys as high as everest
up on a saturday and going to work.... but at least last night was really fun. wish you where there
my throat hurts me very much
can everyone give a big hug she needs one right now. poor girl
ahh cleaning lady got more expensive i guess i will have to be my own cleaning lady for a while
trying to take the bebe to the zoo but it looks like rain
don't want to go home you can't make me
hello everyone back from my holidays in islantilla sunny beaches in southern spain... miss it already
pool now blue... but i think i might have turned it into a large alkaline bath
no one is here to pick me up from the airport
work when i could be in bed.... mins to go
woke up with my tonsils touching my uvula. its like an orgy in my mouth and i don't like it.
dr dre has time to do dr. pepper commercials but no time to finalllllllly drop detox already
was able to get a good night's sleep before it got too hot in our house. hours until work
ah yes it is until you realize how much money you spent lol
just the ayatollah or maybe the guardian council. no democratic or impartial institutions
i really have to start wearing sunscreen
am tumbling class epic fail
missed art nite out can't wait another minute so we are biking to plaza and cannon mine coffee to catch up. should come back with pics.
just waiting at the entrance of the mall for desmond to show up
house dub bass. not any hip hop right now. i had a bunch of stuff i did way back but that computer died. long gone now.
if mama is not happy nobody is happy
didn't sleep so well last night. kept waking up from nightmares covered in sweat. what's going onnn
i hear you i have masters in public mgmt and professional politics but here in boston there's nothing until the next cycle.
goodbye manhattan hello brooklyn. on my way to the airport.
miles still havent stopped at a rest area yet
missn my girl beababy
i bring shame on the french. i do not deserve to have my birthday on bastille day
i got teeth pulled braces it hurt soooo badly...nd it hurts sooooooooooo much rite now
ahhhhh awake so tired. fed ex guy woke me up.
not sure we've got free rpg day in the uk dnd
i wish crazy fans would leave rob pattinson alone
it wasnt good.
i wanted to come so bad there was no parkiong what so ever though
fuck i don't know what club to join
n im sad n emotional for some reason today n i cant figure out y
there'll be a time when you susah nak makan but after few weeks you'll get used to it. i had to stop eating chewing gum
im kinda sad that she wont buy me any polos today
angela gossow . . . blood on your hands arch enemy . . . she is not in twitter . . .
sorry honey i only got your text later
i'm all packed up and not ready to leave i don't want to move
that dream wasnt real damn.
your noggin okay
ahhh.. wanna go back to sleep but gotta head out soon
i feel like my insides are slowly being torn from my body...
very nice sounds like a good time. would have loved to made the trip but speaking at sptechcon and leaving tomorrow
listening to alexisonfire loud as fuck couldn't whack it hope they come back to ireland
wishing i could go to the fremont freakfest soltice parade with my buddy but really need to write and catch up on stuff.
not possible now so close though two good tries for tom croft
i fucking hate this day already i woke up too early and had to leave mins after then i hit my head on the car i got icing on my pants
i can't wait another two months
messed my acct up but good please refollow if you choose lost everyone
dreading my fourth doctor's appointment in two weeks. never stops.
whyfor you want to punch something kisses
i know i completely forgot to. did you end up going there lastnight
also... rd amnd final ribena of the day was a big fat faliure x x
im straight. in this nasty weather
morning jax the best friend you know what i'm talking about is here killing me wyd
i feel baaaad ... a bad feeling that it is my pleasuree i didd soomething wrong waaaas i
man... any ideea if ultrasnw will be released this weekend since i did that big mistake .. and now i have no phone
are you feeling as rough as i am today xoxo had a great time yesterday hun have a goodun today. tiny twitter is broken xx
neh my rides decided that they weren't going so i was like quot..okquot
not helping rob and stacy move today because . . . i'm too old. they don't want my help.
lollapalooza schedule is up but all the bands i want to see are playing at the same time
no i already have a kitty amp a bunny going to put up some posters see if i can find owner myself
i must be the only idiot with no life on here today. im lonely
still can't believe blackboard bought angel sheesh. learning curve squared.
feeling better today still tired though
i'm on my weekend shift..... hours of climbing in and out of a degree plus press
i didnt make it down to mia....next time for sure tho
rofl...i just had sbux cappuccino with shots of espresso...i miss that cappuccino just down from the euro store in firenze
my wisdom teeth are killing me theyre still coming in my whole jaw hurts.
work is so much fun... i wanna go home
ok it's saturday. i'm board wishing i had the money to get out of here.
just played with an iphone g s in the apple store. much faster i really want one
really wishes that sarah and derek didn't have to work today
good luck
on my way home now suffered one injury helping pack up the marquee
my tummy hurts
posted to the i miss the old support and suggestion forums topic dailyburn forums
mandddyyyyyy ughh i fckn misss youu
has plans for today now.... so much for that..... what is evryone else doing
man i wanna go see disturbed again music as a weapon iv is awesome i heard
who needs an alarn clock when i have daily headaches to wake me up
only more weeks of work yippy
pounding pounding headache right now
she'll never forgive me
tomorrow's father's day i miss my dad
hey doll i was in vip..did you get tix what'd you get i'm really bummed but i dont think i can do it again
goodbye manhattan hello queens.. on my way to the airport.
going back home from georgia im going to miss meaghen and her house.
i dont hav go on piknic
i am very sad that u said u were with ur best friends in the entire world but i wasn't there with yall i guess i'm not a bff
weather picked the perfect weekend to rain all day i finally had some time to be outdoors.
it's stopped raining here so happy the son is shining and the temps are warm enough to hit the pool...although i will clean house...
house in disarray.....getting the works done......amp losing patience
i miss you too so much.
the power went out i'm so sick of the rain ugh
no more followers
i don't wanna go to work...
hi selena hope your ok i missed your princess protection programme but i will watch it sooon
bonjour i think you may want to change your password looks like a spam site might have gotten hold of your account
and now....more rain
no it's fine i'm just wound up by the quality of my uploads at the minute
couldn't wake up and missed yoga this morning
didn't finish work in time for roller derby so gonna lie on the couch and watch henry rollins
wow folks going crazy over birthday bash tonight smh not impressed with the phillips at all
ok i'm actually quite jealous she's a guilty pleasure. and the jonas brothers too...
thanks girlie...but even that awesome pic isn't makin me feel any better...i feel sick
is in lovely cheshire oaks... where has all my money gone
should have taken that tip to back lucas glover in the us open at
seems like it's break not make iranelection
we don't use the dword. is a bad bad word.
just using to organize my participation on fisl i didn't find anything about wordpress
good morning twitter world....who will make me smile today
leaving the beach today soo sad. wish i could stay bye harbor island
does not want to go to work today
off to work all feel sorry for me
i hate having expensive habits to support
the only terminator film i didnt like was the rd one which was rubbish now leaving the barbers but might tweet on iphone.
i am lost. please help me find a good home.
famous last words
yummy i want some homemade food
i officially feel irrelevant ryt now
i'm a lonely hermit for the next two days. berghgrrfv
o o o and my bracelet is breaking the beeads keep snapping and falling off boooo
same the mike tyson bit wasn't as good as it was on the advert
on my way to go see my grad school advisor and from there a lil spending at the mall lol weather aint to nice
well my daughter woke up askin for milky i said give me a few she woke up again n asked so
hmmm lions lost played sound africa
mine shows for both. our lines prob didn't generate enough revenue for atampt for us to upgrade. mo seems enuf
next year i am not even making one gift. they are emotionally draining... and i'm a big ass wimp. bleh.
omg that's awful
it's my day off why am i already driving somewhere sleepy robot
good times with good people last night. gonna miss mah fran
fuck off i'm not old an ya me n my mom got a diff one for him
definitely made the mistake of wearing the shoes that were rubbing my feet yesterday again...silly chi
sims didnt work on my computer at first. but then i used it on my mothers computer and success only thing is she limits my usage.
so close but not quite enough well played both sides boks
good memories
so close then
....meet me at so im not sittin about on my own d
our beloved and best driver lewis has to leave early and will not see the finish
who is shehe what do you mean with crap confuseeeee
great time at southcom going away last night. going to miss these great people
hey what's your msn i had to make a new one
fell down yesterday and now my hand is bruised and it hurts
is supposed to go on the party bus tonight...dont no if thats gonna happen
tiger in the sand again usopen golf
i am sooo sry nessie but i can't think of any
i wonder how much the gs would cost me with that deal. probably close to a grand oh well i can upgrade from december th
lying next to delilah. having a slight headache.. watching imagination movers.
been in bed most of the day with a migraine...
.....when she danced a private dance for dani's granny lol. but i dont remember whom she choose at the end
june father's day...
i know. sorry love. he'll come arounddd
waiting my turn to watch tonight's movie pick bolt. unfortunately my bro's using my lappy
squarespace my iphone hates me. please give me a new one. p.s. i lost all my phone number.
at work since . cant wait to take a nap. i get to misshimlt until he's off
arghhhh so close deserved win
aww only the super awesome event vid for sometime around midnight is on itunes. not the whole album huwwy up apple
geo disappeared from the face of the earth. he's a loner so sad. we should pray for him. the family that prays together stays together
nice did any of you guys get my slipmats from berns by accident lvgucci sicmats.. my favourites. can't find them
um about last again but guess what another one for dad im rubbish at horses oo yacht. so i'm okay really with one sorry rd
gotta start to build the boat it is going to pour down rain again
trying to watch the final of the biggest loser but the stupid itv player thing is being annoying and keeps breaking
me got rejected
noo i don't even know when my next show is
kinda scared to be in san fran by myself for hours
bored bored bored... lets watch a movie but homework
everyones drunk but me
omc consider it appreciated...alot i love it but i have some really shocking newwwws about him
and samatha is gonna get so busted for over spending dad's credit card
studying ...evidence listening to miley cyrus ... the climb bye xoxo
all i know nobody is going is going to win this situation. i love my family amp hate to see this happen
just finished cleaning out the poolsomewhat now i have to do a lot of geography
i would love to get the gs... but i can't live without the jailbreak
its okay. i think .. i don't know. i feel like crying.
tryin to mentally prepare myself to clean my room...n missing my car
today started all wrong this week has been all wrong too much petty bickering its all my fault...my dreams are clouding reality
driving home.....another b. e. a. utiful day im gonna miss for sleep
please kelly do answer are u performing tonight cause u said u missed ur train we're a bit dissapointed...
arrrggghhh so disappointing obv i blame the ref plus the fact we only really started playing after minutes so many missed tries
flu affects your performance badly. cos i know out of experience now
i'm just kinda down. i feel like there's so much that i wanna do but i have to consult people before i can do anything
not awake... great day for the beach too bad i'm not going....
i get really sad when people are saying that they're going to the peace amp love festival and not me. d buhu buu freaking uuuu.
i'm in my favourite store the apple store amp cannot afford what i want at this moment in time new macbook amp apple tv will have to wait.
i love blondie lol. sorry but i won't be able to make it this weekend. we'll have to do it another time.
too bad that i'm not there soo sorry thas
she must have one of those older dishes. these storms just pop up amp it'll go byebye once the sun came out it came back
washing windows while kevin squeegies the water out of the basement drain is clear to the tune of bucks
now carlos tevez officially leaves old trafford. manu needs serious help now. sir alex please do something. ohh so many shocks...
ohhhhh.. so hay araka ha we care.. allot
nice the . jailbreak is out mac only too bad my mac person and i aren't speaking atm
me too but i have news for you texting you now...
is not at the mermaid parade
i hope this is a passing phase
just back from shopping.. i can tell you it's sooo boring without any money to spend anyone interested in sponsoring
what's wrong with her she going to be okay
news economy amp cuts shuttin dwn lbries.townbookstrs dyinglove wlkin down aisle of books whr do u buy ur books
hey i'm so pissed off mad for those prices for the soundchecks .. sorry i can not pay that so sad no
just got back from outside. its so humid. it sucks plus no sun where i am
feel like shit today
oh no i slept through martha night
noticed something wrong with my dogs eye last night. looks almost like pink eye. guess i'll be spending the day at the vet.
of course just had meditation so lemme cook something up for u whats wrong
i just found a lb bag of boneless skinless chicken that i had left in my car trunk since thursday. man did it stink
its okay. why wont you update
busted her back and is walking like a yr old dog.. no dancing no running takes lots to stay positive
feels so deprived. i can't eat anything that would trigger my dry cough.
i am happy you had a blast. sorry i couldn't make it i owe you drinks
you have me craving icecream now lol i've been doing so well but since we got back from holiday i'm hungry all the time
just arrived for the big game. there is a steady drizzle now. let's hope it holds up and we get the game in. downpours are expected
how come you're still on date only popped to the pub for last half hour. today's a work day
i hate living next to a play scheme stupid fucking kids feel for me
still raining
there is way too much rain in sydney. if i wanted crappy weather i would've stayed back in melb
its the weekend and im stuck indoors doin cw fun
says i wanna see my hs friendsssss
oh yes today will be a good day. get to see most of my friends. the ones who cant make it. you will be missed ..
i'll miss cydia and winterboard in the meantime.
we don't get to see you in the video
just used the last of my fresh sugar lip scrub great stuff just can't buy here
awoke to the nagging sound of an alarm beeping...
don't think i like this new ubertwitter version
hi yes things are pretty goodtoday is my nd day off work but i go back morrow. of course it's going to rain so no hiking
thank you sissy for all the great birthday gifts i love them all off to work to sell jewelery. wish i were off
i get many lines of that before i get to see the post and link
tried vidzone too much ads poor usability every ps app seems to use different buttons for navigation
no work today... again
we are now in georgia. lunch break there is nothing to eat.
wish we could watch the mtv videos in the uk
subway lol. it's more like lunch been up since
good morning twitfam oh and back the hospital sit with mommy..
didn't get good sleep. i ate to much for dinner and felt sick for about a hour trying to fall asleep. i smell breakfast so it's all good
my knuckles hurt
i'm kind of sad that its am in long beach....and the sun is mia
just up. food tanning then working on this gorgeous day
i think i leftdropped it in the lib bathroom
i feel sicky time for some neti pot amp medicine action
thank you. i just wish i could walk right now
sore as hell my ass hurts my thighs hurt it hurts when i walk owwwww
yesterdays prom was awesome dd even lost her blackberry but i had fun even if my crush wasn't there still awesome
he is my friend. but im so angry rite now .he ruined our birthday surprise
sweating buckets...... too hot today....
welp it'll be o'gara for certain next week. can't afford to miss penalties the way wellies did today
have to go now. quotthere's no reason to stay anymore.quot
is wanting more people to add her because she doesn't have any friends on twitter
apparently an issue with silverlight running from 'file' and not ' but i need 'file'
nice that's a great view much nicer to hear amp see the water tho. we're on a back b road that goes to dunscore so cars
its gonna be a hot one here.. sun beaming and toooo muggy wish you were here
i live in newmarket too i'm bored of it as well
should have put that game away...at least it was a good match in the end. rip phil vickery. could do with a world class too
i wanna do something todaytonight. invite me. dont forget about me guys.
accident at chelmsford on the a....been at a standstill for mins
omg my stomach feels like it's in a blender on puree. i haven't puked after drinking but i guess there's a first for everything.
mmm skittles but there's a downside with them.. they make me think of england to much
looks like i do need to buy a new pair of glasses
im sorry well when is the next one
hpapi woah u gud long as u dnt hav a boosie fade or a plies receiding hairline heltart
lukcy you.. raindrops r falling on my head in the city
is so glad i couldnt get the tattoo done yesterday.. and that i dumped him.. tonight will be a good night.. i hope my toothache goes away
... what did we have to tweet again o i've forgotten
just woke up...sososo tireddd.
bloody rain i got work soon to
can only text my thoughts right now. can't see yours
got freaked by late news report of woman im training in penticton in deadly crash. won't ride bike on my own today. on trainer hours
tear just watched pasho leave
wowwwwwww talk bout bein left out
school ends. i miss u all yesterday was great
i tried to fix my ipod and it didn't work r.i.p ipod you were good while you lasted.
wanna gain wt plzz anyone show me how to gain wt
just got home and my poor baby's sick
that is very true. i'm very excited to move to florida but like you amp columbus i'm going to miss my cats like no other.
dunno maybe cause of my grade. hehe
geed man i din sleep annd i had wash dishes gayness
hanging out with ravwan and magedoodle. raven is upset. i wish she would have moe confidence. she underestimates herself
c not considered hot by british. perhaps astana kazakhstan hotter than sg today unlike uk though not humid
i'll be away most of the weekend for father's day festivities.
still feel exhausted. but i cleane up my room now i feel way better going to a party night but im really tired
i didn't see your tweet til just now your clothes are still in there
cant find anything good to buy on ebay
revisinyaaa... external harddisk ku diilangin si aris macbook rusak
i desperately want to leave this party to finish by book but then i came to jabalpur to attend this party...
up to early
today at ...i was real slack and didn't send out invites.
i don't want you to go either
i am not a morning person they make me mean
looks like it's going to dump on mark at the brooklyn flea. maybe he should've stayed home
i want to tweet about travelling and touring too but noooo im just... here. damn it.
cars pack. now to take my final and bounce to cali
nooooooo just heard the lions lost to south africa gutted
watching tv i want my friends but they are on vocation i want go to shopping with mandy demi let's go to the shopping whoo ho oo
will miss moon pie fest in bell buckle today. work ... i want to live here when matt and i move out
this bird apparently didn't see the glass. he's okay though...only disoriented a bit.
tevezzzzzzzzzzz... dont leave united
patrick dempsey at roadhouse tonight... the one time i dont have to work
i was supposed to model for a new line of corparate clothing this morning but sl issues cancelled the show
at least you have rain. it hasn't rained here since may. i almost forgot how it felt like.
comments complimenting new haircut . comments criticising new haircut . by both my folks. looks quottoo boyishquot and quotwas better longquot.
on my way home and its pouring not gonna be a good day
i want to give phil labonte a hug
not to worry...i'm not that kind of girl...just want my button back
need anno time too.
i slept so so good in my own bed mom's late. i have no hair dryer. wasting time. what shoes should i wear i don't have my perfume
week without coffee. want to try drinking it again still afraid of barfiness happening if i do. stupid medicine.
i got mad jana when m said she didn't like my trouser. overreacted i guess. now am sad and she's not so glad. forgive me lord
hahahah gmn mo ksana.emak gw already slept weheii jmpt gua aja lo shell skrg wkwka
its the day before fathers day and i work at hallmark so i hooope i'm not bored
hey i'm so pissed off mad for those prices for the soundchecks .. sorry i can not pay that so sad no
leaving for ohio... sorry friends but no grad parties can't wait to swim though
awww no i take it back. i miss you i wish you were here.
oh and i gotta get from the plane port thing in ontario. there better not be traffic
at grandma braps boring day n .
twitter is the worst drug ever with facebook i have to back to work
sorry umie adlina..your dream to marry that guy have fail..sad sad forget your ex bf.. just remember i be here to support you..
havin a bad morning....still lookin my dog
hellloooo just been swimmin with my mates its just starting to rain... waaa no one is around im boredd.... x
feeling stupid at totally falling for an obvious prank im gonna get you back sucka
i miss bowie. he was the cutest
its raining...again uuurrgghhh i knew it looked miserable
i am the worst driver in the world actual
just got news my dog has passed
is hungry already... guess i should have eaten breakfast
another flight today. oh joy.
scanning external hd for viruses. so many files. huhuhu
i love the shoes in ur background
feeling sick.....damn it to heck and hell
grocery shopping before the rain comes
is already missin' her bebe soooooo much. i love you bebe ko ingat ka paguwi mwah
yes i just dont know when.
just woke up... hangover...
whenever i visit cardiff the sun is always shining the place looks glorious in the sun. today however the clouds are here
boo...i didn't get a chance to try
the facebook app slows down my phone
on the bus back to telaviu
work....then smoothies party
both baby bunnies are dead
i miss him.. i don't even know where he is now
packing for the cayman islands early flight tomorrow. dreading leaving my girls tonight esp. little baby campbell cry me a river... fb
im tired arron was moving around soo much last night
funny have you seen david attenborough's film on the sex life of snails...gorgeous truly gorgeous..this will never know
not yet. am i missing out
is gonna go to sleep dont think mums coming home anytime soon haha computer screen is shaking ive been on far too long
not particularly... sorry
heee menina apaixonada quotwhat you mean to mequot hihihih eu to tooo desiludida
going to visit my grandpa in niagara falls i wuv him but this means no mmva's in toronto
ok that last update need to go...but idk how to erase updates on my phone yea at fu for church.
cried with my hubby at sunrise .. omgg saddest thing i've ever experienced
lmfao aww cato but neway tell my bestieyea uve been replaced lolbut yea my bestie erin tell her i said hi c u monday p lol
just tap tap i don't use aim. presumably apps are waiting approval
wow i have a headache
does anyone know why my blips are not going to twitter
is wishin i were goin with hannah kelly amp matt the swim club day. but nooooo...i have nonfun things get done.
is really tired and does not know why
ufffffff y never write
also there's a lot of rain on this gay paree
i realllllyy want a green bug of my own its not fair
ugh i just went to sleep a few hours ago
so much for having a good birthday...so much is ging on ppl forgot
gutted with the rugby result
left her new black mango sweater over at carlos' uncle's house. tanga.
poor monkey
moving my mom to assisted living facility today.... sad about it but she needs it for her own safety.
no effing mouse in the trap. qq.
lol now he's kicking everybody out...i want breakfast
slow morning at work how about you
not this again i'm about go play sleep b my eggs become kidnapped .
we miss you in brisbane
im still dirty..even after scrubbing...
needs to clean the house
i had fun at the drive in i miss dustin like crazy im so glad i gotta c him before i have to go to florida im gonna miss him so much
sleeping in was not a good idea now i have a major headache.
ha ha... a bit sunny would be great but no it is not... it is cloudy...
is leaving nyc
shit that's horrible let me know if i can do anything for u. hugs
too early to be up dumbass dad is trying to pound out dent in car. didnt get to sleep til ugh
been working on reports for an hour and i'm already sick of them. about hours worth of work still to go.
watching 'one night with the king' man i miss working at the family christian store
gotta download another software using limewire iiish gonna take eva
awww i miss my babies
meampmelisa are back we didert find her. im sure she'll be home soon.xx
i don't want to be in poland when public enemies comes out. i need to be there to support my celebrity boyfriend johnny depp. le sigh.
omg no one wants to go on behemoth
hey i'm so pissed off mad for those prices for the soundchecks .. sorry i can not pay that so sad no
oh i hope you feel better my poopoo nunu
power just went out. heard a loud tumbling on the roof and a chirp of the ups.
i was gunna go get a voodoo doll but i have a flat tire. i'll have to go during the week and get one
i made way too much food than i can eat
heading home... really think i was meant to live on the ocean...
even released your album. i drove hours to see you in concert once amp didn't get to meet you cause i got heat stroke but
there are certain places that nair should never be used. like anywhere on your body.
why must it rain on the weekendsafter being stuck in an office all week the last thing i want is to be stuck indoors on my days off.
i want pancakes
i didn't get the stand up poster too..
my awesome broken cell phone camera
just joining completely lost
desk chair and bed are both trashed. will be sitting on an ottoman and sleeping on the carpet until i win the lottery.
well that sucks. hope the whole plagiarism thing hasn't gotten you too down
thanks. i ate cereal that night. nothing sounded good here at home..have no idea why
no i know i use web twitter to do that s
i can't beilve your not here at least u can go make some money
my favorite pants now have a small hole in them thanks to marshalls
another lonely day
jelekk beth cuma naik pnaggung ga beth
absolutely shattered after a hard days work .. ans still more work to do later
suppose essex is a bit far for you to venture...
i didn't find it it's rip. . . the bouncer said he saw quotsome asian chickquot with it and he was gonna search her bag lmao
i'm not even suuure is going for sure
i told my wife that it's father's day weekend and she said i only get a day
already up and s really dont wanna be
i want a mac these pc's are kinda shit.
another sat at work
its a happy ending she fell in love with a man who she nvr thought she cld fall withcuz whyshe hate him first and voilaa.. fiuhh
just woke up. my teeth hurt ..ilylt
everything is bad
wish everyone a very happy and safe weekend rainy and damp here in nyguess no cooking out chicken on the grill tonight
big wedding today not mine but sucks for the bride and groom it's raining
somethings been stuck in my chimney since am and its not santa
sounds like a man. back on meds and tea ... but had fun last night
really hate when i get behind on my google reader and miss the deadline for a giveaway
yikes orly are you okay what happened and um happy birthday
poor me my life in words not tweet stats workeatingsleeping partying gtwhen i can .... well well well...
schitt... i havent got enough disc space for the music i got..
and yes united should be shut down for making your family miss your graduation remember how they lost my luggage too
getting ready to go to a birthday party down the shore...of course the weather sucks
work all day. ew.
us openlooks like only day since the rains are on their way. that was to be my afternoon activity
where's the sunshine getting ready for my day
just relaxing .. back at work monday after a week off
i really so sick ...
the hotel told us we couldn't have a late check out so let the long day begin i'm confident that we'll actually get to the uk this time
i have a headache in the worst way
at work til . i'd much rather be boating
well that's a bummer mine usually don't but tday will ugh
playin wii wishing boyfriend was home
so tiredwanna sleepyyyy...i want to forget sb in my mine although it realy hard but i have no choice.
the world hates me
dosent no what to do help x
i tried calling you. still no answer.
still raining here todava est lloviendo...how is the weather over there whereever you are cmo es el tiempo dondequiera estis
nohing here but jersey trash and hanging skin
hope is soooo pretty and she's only wearing the veil...no dress yet i wanna get married
its at and i hate studying to and i'm scared for math
ahh. i got tired because of the discussion in class.
oh man tomorrow is skate day in dc... hope the weather isn't bad. rain amp skating don't mix...i get great shots during skate day
been up since
about to get in the shower. get dress. ampamp get the day started. it's gonna be hot today.
tut your never online same time as me anymore
romy amp michelle's high school reunion is an amazing movie but its making me sad at the same time cuss its bringing up some old memorites
happy bday legal girl i sent a gift but it will be late
uuugggggggg i hate working on the weekends boo
my phone fell on water. it is dead.
upset we have all day rehersal and a meet and greet enjoy it all ...next time i will be there
i'm enjoying having my weekends free again. even if i am a quitter
planing th of july long weekend and thinking in dad so painful how i miss him
and i am on my way to a funeral and i think i am scared of death
pants falling off your hips what is your secret i have opposite problem pinchy waist
why are people so mean
ewwww up before on a saturday
.. chugged imperial pints for dinner amp for dessert. i tried the fish cakes. good and tasty but.. still allergic to fish. drove ...
it's raining that's no good
that sucks. i'm sorry i hope you feel well soon
don't you miss argentinaaaaaaa we really miss you guys so much
kjfaslkdfjalklajs maja didnt bring back foooodd grrrr i want pancakesss
i regret not buying that top in mng..
sorry i'm studying... i can't tell the story...
more days...i'm going to miss mel
minutes at pieter and the girls broke glasses with fristi need to let him win the first hand of poker now
i really wanted to go to city stages this year
come on work go fasterrrr
i've been studying and workin my butt off. i've been in nc for less than a week and it feels like forever i miss como
quotred white and boomquot today i wont be at the comp til after midnight i'll have twitteraim on my phone and you can text me. lt you guys
why is it always raining
ovrcast amp cold da bch so sad tryn get coffee recession's hit my hood starbucks hav closed amp the one the ritz will soon b too
why does it hurt so much when u see an ex boyfriend
okay...i hate maine weather
about to leave dc. had a great time walked lots... steps one of the days. pabl not able tweet all week
i'm sooo outta touch w wraps cos i've noone wrap lol anyway why don't u like zarasjst curious cos i alwys thot they look gd
were amazing last night but now at work trying to catch up
for some reason work feels so loooong today
i have a horrible cough cramps. no fair
twitter doesn't work to well for me today
has so much history coursework to do
lol. yes ma'am missed you guys at the bday tho.
poor you. it really sucks to work on saturday doesn't it
soo bored mainly lonely hugs self
words of wisdom from you and the bible... we really shouldn't worry but it can be so hard not to though
my sister is going to have her baby i wish i could be there
motm jamie roberts gotta change front row amp maybe numba for next test
farewell computer. see you in about hours
uhhh totally bored
fucking rain outside ...
new shoes new pr and no energy left k has been a little too long ago now praying for bbq weather
spending the day with chandler before he leaves for the summer
yes lots of toys i miss woolworths ummmm dr who just don't let the darlics near me i'm scared of them lmao
oh seattle... i miss your coffee. coffee in the midwest is awful. the best part of waking up is definitely not folgers in my cup.
i think my body forgot how to sleep in
gurrrl i stopped watching too it's not the same anymore it used to be fun
is he still in reno how much longer is he gonna be gone oh no glo
just woke up with at jennys house. going out to eat with my dad i wanna go to the beachhhh
can't believe its the longest night of the year moro and then after that the nights start getting shorter again
the dress i had to put back
i hate the rain.
aw no its raining am staying in now xx
work with a major stomach ache.......
off to mix's. i'm so mad. and so late xoxoxo
no one twats anymore
he was hit by a taxi cause he was running away from fans. hes okies tho i think
well its saturday and i'm stuck at work
my body must automatically go into hangover mode on saturdays. i didn't even go out last night and still feel awful
i miss my crush calvin i am crying
if i keep disparearing its cos we are packing up the house ready for the builders coming in next week... so v v busy
ouchupdanay gd lang ta sa intrams last year pohsa word factory..annaana delariarte ryt
the newark airport waiting for my connection back home so sad
my friend moved to australia perth i think. now he's forgotten all of us back in dubai.
had surgery thurs still not in the best of moods...even with the help of a pharmacy full of helpers
im in jail for the first time in two weeks this is lame lol but everyone is still asleep in my house so not ready to do anything loll
it's horrible. when i am hungry then i feel sick if i do eat. arghhhhh i want it to go away
damn got sidetracked now i might have to go watch transformers tomorrow
didn't found anyone yet keep you posted
still management... lol
very sad one of the greats of our time
am giving one last push and studying for my psych final that is on tuesday
i want some chipotle but atl is so faaaar away
sitting in class on a saturday morning have to keep reminding myself that i only more credits left of my masters.hope this is worth it
today im going to monterrey mx. i hope i survive without phone signal
not even for gear
gahh its raining ltfob is my lifeltgt
looking at banks for hawaii. so many choices missing strawberry picking with my gma and dad bc i didn't feel well when i woke up
its hard to say goodbye maaf yah mendadak...........
nuhuh me pshh pshh lol sorrry. no i am trust me on this one i am weirder than you i am so sorry i have to go know
i can't go to the zoo
hpapi i dnt knw wat a temple fade is heltart
hoooney. i jst knw u were gonna b up. i didn't even thnk hit u until asha hit me first. i was well on my way at am.
i still go to my pediatrician lol but i won't be able to anymore after thursday because i'm turning
well if i had more folks on bbm i would use that. i have an app that i use for all the rest but it kills my battery
dyeing mill ends. hope to spin amp then ply. but must find fun things for the yo to do. hubby had to work a little today.
when did yall go to ihop i'm super sad now
just got home. i'm exhausted.
sheading some tears on the beach.
homework wish i was doing something better. maybe i'll go buy a new car.
..who likes me but who is dating another girl. what a mess
cant go to edgefest till tonite hopefully it'll be nicer by then ...have fun
really really weird weather
its way too thick now inall
i know.
plz follow me i have no followers.
made blueberry muffins from scratch now on to the mountainous pile of laundry
ordered taking at long last.... only problem is i have to wait a month todate for it ughh
is sad that her little girl is gone for the summer amp she is having to miss out on her tiki party but she loved helping me set up
i wanted cfa breakfast today but the car place took too long so i had to settle for mcdonalds
i do but i cn nevr keep up w their tweets. it's just easier me go the website amp look at a particular train line.
want's more friends
i don't even get good morning calls anymore balllllllllz
i did my hair in and finished dressingaccesorizing in the car. and did my foundation powder crap. its raining
ouch finally caved last year amp switched digital. tough break about lost rolls
disneyland today with the cousins missing
my monkey is going to the emergency room
i know..i try not to say the word but they are pissing me off lol
ashuuuu i got the flu
i have to do my own hairmakeup and my mum isn't even going to be home so her friend has to drop me at amys amp everyone has family there
all my followers are spam bots lol
im at edgefest ...in the cold and rain
forgot how much i loved mysterious girl not played this song for years makes me feel old though.
why dont guys understand its not that complicated
it's over i'm gunna miss some ppl going to knolls
glad you are having fun and no nepf for me till tomorrow.
going to work. such a shitty day outside
sureeee i'm in pain i can feel it in my arms
yet again another saturday working on client work got a great site i want to launch but cant
i miss you. goooo home. i wanna call you.
alex. i miss you
yum. nothing beats fresh mozz. i overslept and missed the farmer's market this morning so didn't get any
been thinking any changing my workspace lighting too can't decide what will work tho
uuh i have headache..
hey could u follow me so i could get your updates. cause i'm followng u amp don't get ur updates
still missing derry ireland and my friends.
what a finishlast mins were super lions were so close
at work bored
last day disney world
eh i wanted to follow all the celebrities but then they were all very spammy too so there.
getting more jealous by the minute.only had half of cider
i went bed earlt las nit..like . was posed to get up at . i got up . so not a morn person
and it's going to last that long where did you hit it so bad. gotta do some first aid thingy
morning busy day ahead. have not been able to catch up on my jg's epic times. laters
i lost a couple of freckles
doesn't wanna serve tex mex today
casepres sucks. grr. i'm so stressed literally.
youre telling me
awww man i wish it would stop raining. i really want to go to the lake
twitteri don't hate you i'm sorry hahaha lt
i'm sooo bored at work. great weather no sickly patients guess i'll read a book
happy birthday zoe sorry for wishing u this late.. sorry..
feels sick just eaten some cake
i am surprised by the pain youre having mine was not like that
discovered that busch gardens and swim meets back to back don't mix too well oh well. at least she still came in rd in backstroke
really don't want to go to my quotrealquot job tonight
wants to be hugged miss that soo much..
parents went to pf changs without me this week ahhh real glad to be in my own shower in a sec
nope i didnt have time but my sister did she said it was fun....but she didnt make it
i can't bring myself to throw them away
for those wondering crunchy is off twitter. he was like yeah...no. i might b right bhind him.
its so hot in here... my hair is going to sweat out before i get out the salon
hope you feel better car accidents stress me out in a week get a massage in will help the little tears in your muscles.
hope you feel better car accidents stress me out in a week get a massage in will help the little tears in your muscles.
lol he was good. im dizzy i just fainted totally hurt my shoulders how u doing
why isn't my sound working
i'm having doubts about everything i just need someone who understands. is that too much to ask for
so so sad r.i.p colby curtin
rehearsal all day no sun for me
trying to wake up...slept horrible. and trying to figure out what to do today overcast
my dad walked in on me gving myself my shot amp he freaked out momentarily. but i showed him how tiny the needle is amp that's better.
sick and stuck at work.
all i wanted was a pool day where's the sunshine
all done with sally's spa now what should i download
going to the apple store and see if they can reset my rather dead iphone... no v for me yet
so i had a long day at work last night super broke people n thbe club dang
this weekend will be boring
theres a carpet under all this i got the job of finding it. bet you its right at the back
laundry day.....hooray
ya'll know i was tryin to grow it out some. i need braids for miami but i can't take it no more i need a fadeha
i don't know if i can take anymore of thismy heart is so bruised...why don't u love me anymore
i've turned text updates off now cos idk how much they'll cost me to get in tunisia
i moved all the icon out and back in again and it still squasehes them with a blank space on the far right
had a greeeeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaattttttt time the only regret is that i should have taken more pictures damn
no i'm not wish i was i'm seeing them in weeks though did you go last night xx
mng qu ci bp qu
very icky outside today making plans anyway.
had a horrrrrible dream last night hated me sil didnt finish ther set and ill mattie broke his leg and he might have died
been craving for it since few days ago
i wonder how many people are using twitter right now hmm brb i'm about to go to the gym ... then study thermodynamics
and there goes the rain
wth man im hungry im guessing i should not use twitter while i feel like this... kuz then i wont ever eat
i wish we coulda had breakfast today
oh i'd forgotten it's rob day at the cinema. sad now
andrew lloyd playin bass on a beat. im sad lol
noes have run out of space for lights dumbrun
going to try and draw some doodles on my desktop while doing normal work on the laptop for some reason the program won't work on laptop
i haven't been on this darn thing for years... i hardly remember how to do things.
we have it all the way over in los angeles too
unfortunately there is a cost but if your a family geneaologist interested in your heritage .. there is some good stuff there
i give up putting all my old phone s into my iphone after i got to alyssa. there has to be an easier way.
its so rainy
